Create slack runner integration page #1521 - 4 (#2035)
google/adk-docs: docs/integrations/slack.md

---
catalog_title: Slack

> catalog_description: Deploy ADK agents directly to Slack using Socket Mode.

Reviewer: No period at the end of card descriptions. Also this description should be improved to be more technically accurate and describe to users what functionality it enables, something like the suggested description:

```suggestion
catalog_description: Run agents as bots that reply to mentions, DMs, and threads
```

> catalog_icon: /integrations/assets/slack-runner.png

Reviewer: This should be `slack.png` to be consistent with #2036 and other integration logo filenames.

```suggestion
catalog_icon: /integrations/assets/slack.png
```

> catalog_tags: ["runner", "slack"]

Reviewer: These are not valid catalog tags to add, they will create arbitrary single-item categories, consider running the [integration review](https://github.com/google/adk-docs/tree/main/.agents/skills/integration-review) skill to see if it recommends existing catalog tags or no catalog tabs.

Author: Noted, thank you for this.

Reviewer: Heads up that the change for this added a "plugin" category tag with only one integration (this one). I don't think we want to use category tags to indicate the mechanism to end users, since they shouldn't have to worry if an integration is a plugin or MCP tool or Python package, etc. I would suggest changing this from:

```
catalog_tags: ["plugin"]
```

to

```
catalog_tags: ["connectors"]
```

Author: Thank you. Making a note so it doesn't repeat. Correction done in https://github.com/google/adk-docs/pull/2049

Reviewer: Thanks for the fix! In general you can follow the advice in the [integration-review skill](https://github.com/google/adk-docs/blob/main/.agents/skills/integration-review/SKILL.md) and only use existing category tags, unless we're manually/intentionally defining a new category (which should not happen often).

---

# Slack runner for ADK

<div class="language-support-tag"><span class="lst-supported">Supported in ADK</span><span class="lst-python">Python</span></div>

> ADK provides the `SlackRunner` class to easily deploy your agents directly on Slack using [Socket Mode](https://api.slack.com/apis/connections/socket). This integration acts as an adapter that handles event listening, response dispatching, and automated conversation thread management.

Reviewer 2: to easily deploy --> to allow you to deploy

Avoid using descriptors like "easily"; just the facts.

Author: Noted!

## Use cases

- **Socket Mode deployment**: Route workspace events securely to your agent without exposing public HTTP endpoints.
- **Thread management**: Maintain continuous conversation context across direct messages and nested thread replies.
- **Event-driven triggers**: Activate agent workflows automatically using direct messages or app mentions.

## Prerequisites

> - A Slack App configured in your [Slack API Dashboard](https://api.slack.com/apps). You must sign in to your Slack account first.

Reviewer 2: Remove "A " pre-amble from each of these bullets: not necessary

```
- Slack App...
- **Bot User...
- **Websocket...
```

- A **Bot User OAuth Token** (`xoxb-...`) with `app_mentions:read`, `chat:write`, and `im:history` bot token scopes.
- A **Websocket App-Level Token** (`xapp-...`) with the `connections:write` scope.

## Installation

> 

Reviewer 2: add intro sentence explaining what this command does

```bash
pip install "google-adk[slack]"
```

## Use with agent

> 

Reviewer 2: add intro sentence explaining what this code example does

```python
import asyncio
import os
from google.adk.agents import Agent
from google.adk.runners import Runner

> from google.adk.integrations.slack import SlackRunner

Reviewer 2: add:
`from google.adk.sessions import InMemorySessionService`

from slack_bolt.app.async_app import AsyncApp

# Define the core agent
root_agent = Agent(
    model="gemini-flash-latest",
    name="slack_agent",
    instruction="You are a helpful team assistant running on Slack.",
)

> #Wire it up to Slack over Socket Mode

Reviewer 2: add space to conform to comment syntax:
`# Wire it...`

runner = Runner(
    app_name="slack_agent",
    agent=root_agent,

>     session_service=InMemorySessionService(),

Reviewer 2: add:
`    auto_create_session=True,`

)
slack_app = AsyncApp(token=os.environ["SLACK_BOT_TOKEN"])
slack_runner = SlackRunner(runner, slack_app)

asyncio.run(slack_runner.start(os.environ["SLACK_APP_TOKEN"]))
```

## Available tools

Tool | Description
------ | -----------
`__init__(runner, slack_app)` | Starts the Slack runner adapter with an ADK `Runner` and a Slack `AsyncApp`.

> `start(app_token)` | Starts the Slack runner listener in Socket Mode using your app-level websocket token.

Reviewer: These are adapter methods, not agent-callable tools. Every other `## Available tools` table documents tools the agent invokes, usually for MCP tools whereas this is a different type of integration. Suggest removing this section since both methods already appear in the code above.

Author: Got it!
